Capture output to DynamoDB (#150)
bytewax/bytewax: docs/examples/sensor-data.md

Analyzing Sensor Data With Kafka and DynamoDB
================================================

In this example, we will walk through processing sensor data from IOT devices using Bytewax.

In this scenario, IOT devices are streaming real-time data that is being written to Kafka. Our goals are to:
* Read data from Kafka

> * Build up a window of events from each sensor, based on it's id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Build up a window of events from each sensor, based on its id
```

* Write those updated windows to DynamoDB every 5 seconds

Let's start by setting up Bytewax to read from Kafka. We'll begin by importing some dependencies and instantiating our Bytewax Dataflow.

``` python
import json

from bytewax.dataflow import Dataflow
from bytewax.inputs import KafkaInputConfig

flow = Dataflow()
flow.input("inp", KafkaInputConfig(brokers=["localhost:9092"], topic="sensor_topic"))
```

Our sensor payload is a JSON encoded string in Kafka. Let's write a function that deserializes data from Kafka, and returns it as a dictionary. In addition to the payload, we are also returning the `id` of the sensor that captured this data. Bytewax will use this key to route all of the data for a sensor to the same worker.

``` python
def deserialize(key_bytes__payload_bytes):
    _key_bytes, payload_bytes = key_bytes__payload_bytes
    payload = json.loads(payload_bytes)
    return payload["id"], payload

flow.map(deserialize)
```

> The goal of our example Dataflow is to accumulate sensor data over a defined period of time to produce an average reading. To do that, we'll use one of Bytewax's stateful windowing fold_window`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of our example Dataflow is to accumulate sensor data over a defined period of time to produce an average reading. To do that, we'll use one of Bytewax's stateful windowing operators, `fold_window`.
```

> In this example, we want our sensor readings to be grouped together based on the timestamp that the sensor recorded in the data when the data was produced. To do that, we need to define a function that will read that time from the sensor event and convert it to UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we want our sensor readings to be grouped together based on the timestamp that the sensor recorded when the data was produced. To do that, we need to define a function that will read that time from the sensor event and convert it to UTC.
```

``` python
from datetime import datetime

def get_event_time(event):
    return datetime.fromisoformat(event["time"])
```

> There are two important considerations when using event times to construct windows. The first is that we can't guarantee that sensor events will be read from Kafka in order, and the second is that we can't guarantee that we will have received all of the events that we should consider in a timely fashion. Some sensors could lose their connection to the Internet and send data well after it was recorded. In this way, event time processing is a tradeoff between latency and correctness.

Reviewer: We should probably pull this into a separate doc, but I think it's worthwhile to call this out even more. I'll post a rough example of what i mean

> There are two important considerations when using event times to construct windows. The first is that we can't guarantee that sensor events will be read from Kafka in order, and the second is that we can't guarantee that we will have received all of the events that we should consider in a timely fashion. Some sensors could lose their connection to the Internet and send data well after it was recorded. In this way, event time processing is a tradeoff between latency and correctness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two important considerations when using event times to construct windows:

 Event Orderliness: We cannot guarantee that sensor events will be read from Kafka in order, so...
 
 Event Lateness: We can't guarantee that we will have received all of the events that we should consider in a timely fashion, since sensors could lose their connection to the Internet and send data well after it was recorded. 
 
 In this way, event time processing is a tradeoff between latency and correctness.
```

Optionally we incorporate how we address ^^ in here

We need a way to tell our window operator how long we are willing to wait for all of the data to arrive before returning windows. To do that, we create an `EventClockConfiguration` that uses our time getting function, and defines how long we are willing to wait, in system time.

``` python
from datetime import timedelta
from bytewax.window import EventClockConfig

# Configure the `fold_window` operator to use the event time.
cc = EventClockConfig(get_event_time, wait_for_system_duration=timedelta(seconds=10))
```

We'll need to configure Bytewax to capture windows of data for a key every five seconds. Windows with a fixed size that do not overlap are called tumbling windows. The following code shows how to configure a bytewax `TumblingWindow` with 5 second intervals that are aligned to the time when the dataflow is started.

``` python
from datetime import timezone
from bytewax.window import TumblingWindowConfig

start_at = datetime.now(timezone.utc)
wc = TumblingWindowConfig(start_at=start_at, length=timedelta(seconds=5))
```

> Our stateful window operator, `fold_window` takes two functions in it's list of arguments, a builder and a folder. The builder function is called when a new key is encountered for a window, and the folder is called on every item in the window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our stateful window operator, `fold_window` takes two functions in its list of arguments: a builder and a folder. The builder function is called when a new key is encountered for a window, and the folder is called on every item in the window.
```

> In our case, the folder function and the builder function are simple. We would like to accumulate all of the events for a sensor into a single list. Our builder function can be the built-in Python function `list`, and our folder can just call `append` on that list with every event within a window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case, the folder function and the builder function are straightforward. We would like to accumulate all of the events for a sensor into a single list. Our builder function can be the built-in Python function `list`, and our folder can call `append` on that list with every event within a window.
```

``` python
def acc_values(acc, event):
    acc.append(event)
    return acc
```

> With those two functions and our time configuration, we can now use our `fold_window` operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a name for the operation, those two functions, and our time configuration, we can now use our `fold_window` operator:
```
